Proofreading-OV-Runtime (#11658)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/deployment/deployment-manager-tool.md

> # Deployment Manager {#openvino_docs_install_guides_deployment_manager_tool}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deploying Your Application with Deployment Manager {#openvino_docs_install_guides_deployment_manager_tool}
```

> The Deployment Manager is a Python command-line tool that creates a deployment package by assembling the model, OpenVINO IR files, your application, and associated dependencies into a runtime package for your target device. This tool is delivered within the Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ Toolkit for Linux, Windows and macOS release packages.  It is available after the installation in the `<INSTALL_DIR>/tools/deployment_manager` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Deployment Manager is a Python command-line tool that creates a deployment package by assembling the model, OpenVINO IR files, your application, and associated dependencies into a runtime package for your target device. This tool is delivered within the Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit for Linux, Windows and macOS release packages. It is available after the installation in the `<INSTALL_DIR>/tools/deployment_manager` directory.
```

## Prerequisites

* Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ Toolkit
* To run inference on a target device other than CPU, device drivers must be pre-installed:

>    * **For Linux**, see the following sections in the [installation instructions for Linux](../../install_guides/installing-openvino-linux.md):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **For Linux**, see the following sections:
```

Reviewer: These referenced pages are identical. Let's use hardware device for grouping instead of operating system. So there would be only 4 items in the list: For GPU/VPU/GNA/NCS2.

>      * Steps for [Intel® Processor Graphics (GPU)](../../install_guides/configurations-for-intel-gpu.md) section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The OpenVINO™ Deployment Manager is a Python command-line tool that creates a deployment package by assembling the model, OpenVINO IR files, your application, and associated dependencies into a runtime package for your target device. This tool is delivered within the Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit for Linux, Windows and macOS release packages. It is available in the `<INSTALL_DIR>/tools/deployment_manager` directory after installation.

This article provides instructions on how to create a package with Deployment Manager and then deploy the package to your target systems.

## Prerequisites

To use the Deployment Manager tool, the following requirements need to be met:
* Intel® Distribution of OpenVINO™ toolkit is installed. See the [Installation Guide](../../install_guides/installing-openvino-overview.md) for instructions on different operating systems.
* To run inference on a target device other than CPU, device drivers must be pre-installed:
   * **For GPU**, see [Configurations for Intel® Processor Graphics (GPU)](../../install_guides/configurations-for-intel-gpu.md).

>      * Steps for [Intel® Neural Compute Stick 2 section](../../install_guides/configurations-for-ncs2.md)

Reviewer: @sgolebiewski-intel As I commented earlier, this part is not done updating. We need to categorize them by device, not OSes.

Author: It's been updated ;)

>      * Steps for [Intel® Processor Graphics (GPU)](../../install_guides/configurations-for-intel-gpu.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>      * Steps for the [Intel® Vision Accelerator Design with Intel® Movidius™ VPUs](../../install_guides/configurations-for-ivad-vpu.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    * **For macOS**, see the following section in the [installation instructions for macOS](../../install_guides/installing-openvino-macos.md):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **For VPU**, see [Configurations for Intel® Vision Accelerator Design with Intel® Movidius™ VPUs](../../install_guides/configurations-for-ivad-vpu.md).
```

     * [Intel® Neural Compute Stick 2 section](../../install_guides/configurations-for-ncs2.md)

> **IMPORTANT**: The target operating system must be the same as the development system on which you are creating the package. For example, if the target system is Ubuntu 18.04, the deployment package must be created from the OpenVINO™ toolkit installed on Ubuntu 18.04.

> **TIP**: If your application requires additional dependencies, including the Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable, use the ['--user_data' option](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/openvino_docs_install_guides_deployment_manager_tool.html#run-standard-cli-mode) to add them to the deployment archive. Install these dependencies on the target host before running inference.

## Creating Deployment Package Using Deployment Manager

> The Deployment Manager tool can either be run in interactive or standard CLI mode to create a deployment package that includes inference-related components of the OpenVINO™ toolkit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a deployment package that includes inference-related components of OpenVINO™ toolkit, you can run the Deployment Manager tool in either interactive or standard CLI mode .
```

@endsphinxdirective

> Interactive mode provides a user-friendly command-line interface that guides through the process with text prompts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interactive mode provides a user-friendly command-line interface that guides through the process with text prompts.
```

> To launch the Deployment Manager in interactive mode, open a new terminal window, go to the Deployment Manager tool directory and run the tool script without parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To launch the Deployment Manager in interactive mode, open a new terminal window, go to the Deployment Manager tool directory, and run the tool script without parameters:
```

  
![Deployment Manager selection dialog](../img/selection_dialog.png)

> Use the options provided on the screen to complete selection of the target devices and press **Enter** to proceed to the package generation dialog. To interrupt the generation process and exit the program, type **q** and press **Enter**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the options provided on the screen to complete the selection of the target devices, and press **Enter** to proceed to the package generation dialog. To interrupt the generation process and exit the program, type **q** and press **Enter**.
```

Once the selection is accepted, the package generation dialog will appear:
  
![Deployment Manager configuration dialog](../img/configuration_dialog.png)

> The target devices selected in the previous step appear on the screen. To go back and change the selection, type **b** and press **Enter**. Use the options provided to configure the generation process, or use the default settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The target devices selected in the previous step appear on the screen. To go back and change the selection, type **b** and press **Enter**. Use the default settings, or use the following options to configure the generation process:
```

> * The `o. Change output directory` (optional) - a path to the output directory. By default, it is set to your home directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `o. Change output directory` (optional): the path to the output directory. By default, it is set to your home directory.
```

> * The `u. Provide (or change) path to folder with user data` (optional) - a path to a directory with user data (OpenVINO IRs, models, datasets, etc.) files and subdirectories required for inference, which will be added to the deployment archive. By default, it is set to `None`, which means that copying the user data to the target system will be performed separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `u. Provide (or change) path to folder with user data` (optional): the path to a directory with user data (OpenVINO IR, model, dataset, etc.) files and subdirectories required for inference, which will be added to the deployment archive. By default, it is set to `None`, which means that copying the user data to the target system need to be done separately.
```

* The `t. Change archive name` (optional) - a deployment archive name without extension. By default, it is set to the `openvino_deployment_package`.
 

> Once all the parameters have been set, type **g** and press **Enter** to generate the package for the selected target devices. To interrupt the generation process and exit the program, type **q** and press **Enter**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all the parameters are set, type **g** and press **Enter** to generate the package for the selected target devices. To interrupt the generation process and exit the program, type **q** and press **Enter**.
```

Once the script has successfully completed, the deployment package is generated in the specified output directory. 

@sphinxdirective

> 

Reviewer: Need to update the heading of "Run Standard CLI Mode".

Author: It's been updated ;)

@endsphinxdirective

> Alternatively, run the Deployment Manager tool in the standard CLI mode. In this mode, specify the target devices and other parameters as command-line arguments of the Deployment Manager Python script. This mode facilitates integrating the tool in an automation pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also run the Deployment Manager tool in the standard CLI mode. In this mode, specify the target devices and other parameters as command-line arguments of the Deployment Manager Python script. This mode facilitates integrating the tool in an automation pipeline.
```

> To launch the Deployment Manager tool in the standard mode: open a new terminal window, go to the Deployment Manager tool directory and run the tool command with the following syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To launch the Deployment Manager tool in the standard mode: open a new terminal window, go to the Deployment Manager tool directory, and run the tool command with the following syntax:
```
Actually I think the comma after the first clause also works.

The following options are available:

> * `<--targets>` (required): A list of target devices to run inference. To specify more than one target, separate them with spaces. For example: `--targets cpu gpu vpu`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The `<--targets>` (required) - a list of target devices to run inference. To specify more than one target, separate them with spaces, e.g., `--targets cpu gpu vpu`. 
```

To get a list of currently available targets, run the program with the `-h` option.

> * `[--output_dir]` (optional): A path to the output directory. By default, it is set to your home directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The `[--output_dir]` (optional) - a path to the output directory. By default, it is set to your home directory.
```

> * The `[--output_dir]` (optional) - a path to the output directory. By default, it is set to your home directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `[--output_dir]` (optional): the path to the output directory. By default, it is set to your home directory.
```

> * `[--archive_name]` (optional): A deployment archive name without extension. By default, it is set to `openvino_deployment_package`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The `[--archive_name]` (optional) - a deployment archive name without extension. By default, it is set to the `openvino_deployment_package`.
```

> * `[--user_data]` (optional): A path to a directory with user data (IRs, models, datasets, etc.) files and subdirectories required for inference, which will be added to the deployment archive. By default, it is set to `None`, which means copying the user data to the target system separately.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The `[--user_data]` (optional) - a path to a directory with user data (OpenVINO IRs, models, datasets, etc.) files and subdirectories required for inference, which will be added to the deployment archive. By default, it is set to `None`, which means copying the user data to the target system will be performed separately.
```

> * The `[--user_data]` (optional) - a path to a directory with user data (OpenVINO IRs, models, datasets, etc.) files and subdirectories required for inference, which will be added to the deployment archive. By default, it is set to `None`, which means copying the user data to the target system will be performed separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `[--user_data]` (optional): the path to a directory with user data (OpenVINO IR, model, dataset, etc.) files and subdirectories required for inference, which will be added to the deployment archive. By default, it is set to `None`, which means copying the user data to the target system need to be performed separately.
```

> When the script is successful, the deployment package is generated in the output directory specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the script has successfully completed, the deployment package is generated in the output directory specified.
```

@endsphinxdirective

## Deploying Package on Target Systems

Once the Deployment Manager has successfully completed, the `.tar.gz` (on Linux or macOS) or `.zip` (on Windows) package is generated in the specified output directory.

To deploy the OpenVINO Runtime components from the development machine to the target system, perform the following steps:

> 1. Copy the generated archive to the target system, using the preferred method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the generated archive to the target system by using your preferred method.
```

> 2. Unpack the archive into the destination directory on the target system (if the name of your archive is different from the default one shown below, replace the `openvino_deployment_package` with the specified name).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Extract the archive to the destination directory on the target system. If the name of your archive is different from the default one shown below, replace `openvino_deployment_package` with your specified name.
```

@endsphinxdirective

>   The package is unpacked to the destination directory and the following files and subdirectories are created:

Author: > 

```suggestion
Now, the package is extracted to the destination directory. The following files and subdirectories are created:
```

>    * `setupvars.sh` — a copy of `setupvars.sh`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `setupvars.sh` — a copy of `setupvars.sh`.
```

>    * `runtime` — contains the OpenVINO runtime binary files,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `runtime` — contains the OpenVINO runtime binary files.
```

>    * `install_dependencies` — a snapshot of the `install_dependencies` directory from the OpenVINO installation directory,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `install_dependencies` — a snapshot of the `install_dependencies` directory from the OpenVINO installation directory.
```

>    * `<user_data>` — the directory with the user data (IRs, datasets, etc.) specified while configuring the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `<user_data>` — the directory with the user data (OpenVINO IRs, datasets, etc.) you specified while configuring the package.
```

Author: Shouldn't we include info about model as well? 

```suggestion
   * `<user_data>` — the directory with the user data (OpenVINO IR, model, dataset, etc.) specified while configuring the package.
```
See your suggestion in line 146 for reference.

Reviewer: Aha, yes we can add models. I use plurals here because the word "files" is not following "user data" this time. Maybe we should use the same words as they are saying the same thing. :)

Author: Ok. So l guess it won't hurt to add models, as long as it refers to the same 'user data' collective :)

      
@endsphinxdirective

> Finally, the deployment of the OpenVINO Runtime components to the target system is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you have finished the deployment of the OpenVINO Runtime components to the target system.
```

Author: > 

```suggestion
Now, you have finished the deployment of the OpenVINO Runtime components to the target system.
```
